>> REGINA MEREDITH: I'm here
at the annual International UFO
Congress in Scottsdale, Arizona
where we had a chance to catch
up with some of the top people
in the world of ufology.
One such person was
Glenn Steckling,
who is the gatekeeper for
an amazing body of work
on the life and times
of George Adamski.
Adamski was an elegant
but controversial figure
who had access to popes,
presidents, and the Pentagon
alike.
Glenn, first of all,
give us the background
of George Adamski,
because he's not
a well-known name in America
when it comes to ufology.
We know more modern names
in particular and people
in the military.
But in the rest of the world,
Adamski is extremely well-known
and was a very highly positioned
person even in his day.
So who is this man?
>> GLENN STECKLING:
In present time,
the story of George
Adamski and his materials,
his motion picture footage,
his telescopic pictures,
they tend to be put
on the side shelf,
ignored to a certain extent.
And this has to do with
the many different tangents
this subject has taken
over the many decades.
And so when it comes to
George Adamski's reputation
and notoriety, I would say, as
he was claimed to be the first
ambassador to space, the
pioneer in this field,
he was one of the foremost
individuals who came forward
with actual tangible proof that
to this day cannot be denied
or ridiculed.
They'll try, but there's no
scientific proof behind it
that his pictures and
films are not real.
And so in the '50s and '60s
while George was still alive,
he lectured worldwide.
He brought his material out.
Oftentimes he gave access and
copyright printing authority
to foreign countries
without royalties.
He basically tried to
promote the information
as much as possible.
This brought him
before presidents.
This brought him before major
theological institutions
and leaders.
This brought him
before military.
And in fact, we met
him in Washington, DC
after we had a sighting
downtown in 1963 of one
of these craft hovering over
the city in downtown Washington.
And they were ourselves and
about 30 other witnesses
and a reporter from the
"Washington Daily News."
And you'll find that
article in the notebook,
the original article
which of this is reported.
And my father, who had already
tracked these type of devices
for decades, went to
the Library of Congress
and said I'm going to start
alphabetically, A for Adamski,
first book, "Flying
Saucers Have Landed,"
the exact same photographs.
We wrote to George.
George said, I'm
coming out three months
to lecture to the
Air Force reserves.
And so when he came
out there was always
official representation.
They wanted to know what
he knew, where he went,
who he corresponded with,
who he interacted with,
because he crossed the lines
in this so-called subject that
are so difficult
of authenticity.
And so George, as we say, was
well-known in those times,
and he's also well-known
in these times.
The only difference
is that there's
more of a concentrated effort to
try to pay no attention to him.
>> REGINA: Almost
to obscure him.
I would like you to talk
a little bit about George
himself, what this man was
like, how he and your father
came into such a
close relationship.
Because I know
since the first time
I saw his face in
a photograph there
was something to me that was
so kind of elevated and loving,
compassionate, warm that I
got out of that photograph.
I thought, well, he would
be the kind of person that
would have this kind of contact.
There's a higher
nature to his being
that I experience
looking at him.
What's the experience
you and your father
had and, again, how
they came in contact?
>> STECKLING: Many times the
question is asked, why George?
Why not so-and-so person
with so-and-so name or doctor
so-and-so with so-and-so name?
And in reality, those
people also had contact too.
When George went
on the ships, he
noted that there were often
well-known figures also
invited upon as well, and
he was not the only one.
But in explanation
to that, George
himself was a character very
much as the space visitors
themselves were.
He was highly sympathetic
and passionate
about the human condition,
our levels of understanding,
our many frailties, the way our
mind works and doesn't work.
And sometimes, basically,
he was a very keen observer
of human nature.
And this is something that
he also practiced already
long before in the
1930s when he had
a school in Laguna
Beach dedicated
to philosophical thought
of the human endeavor
and in relationship to
life in outer space.
So it was by no means an
unusual concept for him,
already long before
the pictures came out
and the great increase
in interest after '47.
And so George as a person, he
had a great sense of humor.
And at the same time, while
he would recognize the fact
that we have doubts and we have
this inner struggle within us,
he also was a disciplinarian,
very much so to the fact
that he recognized in
order to stay focused,
in order to learn the lessons
that we need to learn,
we need to have some
guidance and some help.
And we need to be
reminded, very much like we
do with our own
children, that you
have to stay along the
path of understanding
and not waste too much time and
effort and energy constantly
running to all these
different tangents.
>> REGINA: To the
phenomena of it all.
>> STECKLING: Well, the
phenomena of it all and also
to the understanding of life.
In later years, George was
not so much as concentrated
as letting people know
that the crafts exist.
Because let's face it.
In reality we have
collected enough evidence,
photographic, motion picture.
He had a piece of the
flange of the saucer
that he gave to
Wilbert Smith, who
was the scientist of
Project Magnet up in Canada.
There was so much
activity and concentration
where it needed to be that
there was no longer the argument
necessary and the debate
of intelligent life
beyond this planet.
That was a reality.
Now how are we going
to translate that
into a better way of
life for ourselves?
That was his emphasis
later on in life.
>> REGINA: You have this
little booklet that's called
"Questions and Answers" with him
from what he was shown and what
had been explained to him
from these other off-planet
cultures.
And what I notice is
when he answers them
every answer is imbued with
this compassion and grace.
>> STECKLING: He believed
that simplicity was the key
to things.
One of the space
contacts once told
him to understand the
propulsion system,
a 10-year-old could
understand it.
And a 10-year-old,
because they are not
so cluttered in the mind and
not so rigid and predetermined
with so-called
theories and parameters
that really don't exist
in the natural world.
I had an interesting
conversation
with two doctor friends of mine.
I did a symposium about six
months ago in the southwest.
And we deal with many different
things, alternative energy,
the realization of this.
One of them had
his own sightings,
and so on and so forth.
But as you have a conversation
with different people
and different groups of
people from different levels
of understanding, you find
out that we are so often
restricted by our
preconceptions.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STECKLING: And in
fact, I noticed recently
in a scientific book where
they talk about theory,
the definition was theory will
be accepted as fact until upon
which time we
decide to alter it.
Well, theory by definition
is still theory.
>> REGINA: Theory.
>> STECKLING: Opinion
and supposition.
>> REGINA: That's right.
>> STECKLING: It's based upon
small amounts of information
that based on science we should
be able to alter our thinking
and understanding as
we envelop more of it.
And so George talked
simply to the people.
I listened to the tape
of him in New Zealand
when I was driving out.
And one of the questions
they asked him was
have you been in
one of these crafts
since the last time
we talked to you?
He said, yes, three times.
And then there was dead
silence in the room,
because everybody
expected him to elaborate,
to give more information,
and George didn't do that.
He went on to the next question.
George had an old saying.
He says, I always
told you the truth.
I just didn't necessarily
give you all of it.
>> REGINA: OK.
Now that said--
now you've piqued
everyone's curiosity--
did he ever
talk about his
experience on board?
>> STECKLING: Yes.
>> REGINA: And can you tell
us what the nature of that
experience was like
from what he relayed?
>> STECKLING: Well,
in his second book,
"Inside the Spaceships," he
deals specifically with his
continuation of the contact that
he had in the desert in 1952
and the fact that these crafts
had come more to visit him both
at his property in Mount Palomar
and that later on he would be
told to go to a
particular location.
They would pick him up and then
take him out to a landing spot.
>> REGINA: Where was
that in the desert?
>> STECKLING: Desert Center is
halfway between here, Phoenix,
and California on Highway 10.
And basically, it's
a secluded area.
You go about 10 miles--
you go along 10 to Blythe,
and then you get
to Desert Center
and you turn off on 177
that goes to Parker.
And as you go
towards Parker north,
about 10 miles out
of Desert Center
is an area of mountains
called the Coxcomb Mountains.
At the base of
that, that's where
that particular landing
and occasion happened.
But the interest
part of it was if you
look in "Project Blue
Book," which is available,
the report on our website,
we had military maneuvers
going out of the Salton
Sea at the same day
at the same time, 12 o'clock.
And one of the military
pilots reported
the unidentified object
at the same time.
So you have
collaboratable evidence.
>> REGINA: So let's talk
about his experience on board.
>> STECKLING: Well,
George interacted--
to make this subject very clear,
because there's been a whole
lot of misinformation
been promoted--
George interacted with men
and women of various sizes
and races and complexions, not
any different than we have here
on this planet.
>> REGINA: Yes, that's
my understanding.
>> STECKLING: Some of the
misnomers that were talked
about, that he dealt with
Nordics and that whole tangent
that went out, is
absolutely nonsense.
Anybody who does five
minutes of research
knows that that's not true.
George interacted
with men and women
who have evolved as we would
normally evolve if we would not
constantly rehash
cycles that we manage
to become so enveloped with.
We go through series of
birth, building, destruction,
remake the whole thing.
We never truly make progressive
progress beyond that.
We like to think of
these cycles as natural.
Thereby they're more acceptable.
So in other words, we
may go 300, 400 years
and start the process
all over again.
They have learned that
they can go beyond that
non-destructively--
>> REGINA: Are you saying
we're slow learners?
>> STECKLING: Yeah,
we are slow learners.
>> REGINA: OK.
So these are people, beings.
>> STECKLING: Human beings.
>> REGINA: Are they saying
they're humans from the Earth
or humans from--
>> STECKLING: No.
>> REGINA: --elsewhere?
>> STECKLING: They
are human beings,
which the human genome is
spread throughout the cosmos.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STECKLING: If we understand
anything about astrobiology
and chemistry, we understand
that all the essential
elements, minerals, molecules,
amino acids, are all in space.
And if we look at the research
like Dr. Panapura and then
the latest one I read called
"The Stardust Revolution,"
we have become more
and more to the idea
that life has come from space
and not this primordial ooze
over certain billions
of years on the planet.
You may have sections
that develop as well,
but the evolutionary
processes is
combined, both
external and internal.
And so once we realize
that, we understand
that life is a
universal manifestation
and that we are not as special
as we'd like to think we are.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STECKLING: And this is a
very difficult concept for most,
because they want to think that
we're preconditioned by science
fiction and by certain agendas
that we have to have creature
features.
We have to let our
imaginations run
wild so that-- and
the funniest thing
is is that we've become so
acceptance of the bizarre
that when you mention human
beings that look like you
and I, people say, oh my
god, how is that possible?
So we have inverted
this whole rationale.
>> REGINA: That is true.
And that is specifically
one of the reasons
I wanted to speak with you
and a few of the others
that I've selected
at this conference.
Because the human being
aliens have become completely
obscured with the
phenomenal, strange,
weird, also the
greys and the others,
tall greys, short greys,
the praying mantis beings,
and so forth.
But in reality, it seems
that in the earlier
times of the 20th century in
contact most of the contact
was with what appear
to be human beings.
>> STECKLING: As far as
several thousand years ago,
if we look at
historical records.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Exactly so.
Let's talk about what
they shared with him
and what that
experience was like.
>> STECKLING: I think to a
certain degree there's some
confusion.
Because we have
interacted with androids,
and we have interacted
with robotics.
These craft carry them as well.
They do what we consider
would be the dangerous work
in between the halls of the
ship, where you have radiation
and detrimental things
to the human body.
>> REGINA: Things that
are upsetting to biology.
>> STECKLING: That's right.
And also it frees
the human being
in order to pursue their talents
and their particular purposes
in life, so you're
not restricted
by such large portions of our
existence, as we are here,
dominated by the
need to work and have
a living and things like that.
So we have encountered
robotics and androids.
We have encountered
humanoids and humans.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Talk about the difference
between the two.
>> STECKLING: To my knowledge,
those are the only four groups
that we have interacted with.
I have yet to see any tangible
evidence of anything else.
And when we have gone
before the officials who
deal with this matter,
they acknowledged the same.
So we have some discrepancies
in what's being said.
But getting back to
your original idea,
what kind of people they are.
They are the most understanding,
compassionate people,
because they live
the ever-present now.
We are so worried
about the past,
the future, other
dimensions that we
spend no time in
the reality of now.
And that's what they live, the
ever-constant reality of now.
For them truth is
not an opinion.
It's not a supposition.
It's not a theory.
Truth is the revelation
of what something is.
And if they don't know, they
have the means to go find out.
So while we would
sit here and try
to theorize about
what something is
and then make up all these other
ideas and spread it all out
and waste so much
time and energy,
they simply go and
realize the truth of it.
I'll give you an example.
There has been some conjecture
that because these crafts
appear and disappear they are
merging into another dimension.
And this question
was asked of them.
And they said, no,
absolutely not.
First of all, your eye is
only capable of tracking
so many frames per second.
I think it's 4,000.
And there's a speed
associated with that.
Anything that moves faster
than that the human eye
will not see.
So basically, since they
are capable of accelerating
to the speed of light
and even beyond,
you will suddenly
see something there
and disappear because due
to its acceleration factor.
>> REGINA: Thank you
for sharing that.
>> STECKLING: That
is the truth of that.
>> REGINA: That
makes total sense,
because it's a matter
of time verses density.
>> STECKLING: So the truth
of that is the reality,
and that's what they deal with.
And the problem we have
gotten ourselves with
is is too much speculation
about what we don't know.
George used to
have an old saying.
He says, ask me a question,
and if I know the answer,
I'll share it with you.
If I don't, I'll tell you
honestly I don't know.
But how many people these days
decide that that's a weakness?
And since that does not
support the concept of ego--
>> REGINA: It's not political.
Right.
>> STECKLING: --they make it up.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STECKLING: And
that's our problem.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
that is our problem.
Now considering the fact
that he is a reporter of fact
as he sees it, let's
go back to the ship
and what the people were
like, what he was told,
and the purpose of it in terms
of extending that to humanity.
>> STECKLING: The
interaction was several fold.
First of all, it's a support
of what you know is true.
We all need that support.
Principles of life,
principles of character,
principles of living we
have embedded within us.
That is our genetic
reality and connection
to the creative force
that creates us.
We are, as Jesus said, I am the
father and the father is me.
We are offsprings
of the intelligence
that has created us.
And so when you
receive that support
from those who live that life
and you see that recognition,
it makes your assuredness so
much more deep, so much more
strong, just like anything else.
You go out in life
and experience it.
If I think I can
fly an airplane,
then let me go see if
I can fly an airplane.
And if I can fly an airplane,
I have that assuredness
of character that says I
was capable of doing it,
once again, the truth
of the actual reality
of doing and experiencing.
So they, in part, gave him that.
Secondly, they also exposed
him to greater understanding.
Because as we have so we call
wise people in our society
or those who come amongst
us to teach us periodically,
they too have those who
have progressed over time
and acquired an immense amount
of knowledge and civilization
in the stepping stone and
the stepping ladder of life.
And so they have also
given that respect
to those people who
also teach them.
And so it is a
never-ending ladder.
And in a way, it's described as
you can go up the ladder if you
wish or you can go
down and retrogress
if you choose that as well.
And so the choice
is given to us.
The exposure is saying--
they come and they say look,
here are the ships.
They operate differently
than the aerodynamics
that we're accustomed to.
If we can do it, then
you also have the ability
to understand how to do it too.
And once you mime
and replicate it,
you then start to have access
to greater understanding,
because you can start to
leave this small world of ours
as grain and molecule of sand.
And so all of that embedded
into George's understanding
of where we are and
where we could be.
And that where we
could be is he was
adamant in giving us that
picture of the future.
When we look to the future
today in science fiction
or we listen to talks
and we see programming,
we paint a dismal future:
destruction, robotics, chaos.
>> REGINA: All toward a
transhumanist type of view
of life.
I'm not a fan of it.
>> STECKLING: It's
a predetermined--
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STECKLING: --mantra
that is supposed to engage
your thinking that says that
the willingness to accept
Armageddon because that's
the only way you can renew
yourself, which is nonsense.
>> REGINA: Nonsense.
>> STECKLING: Nonsense.
And so, consequently,
George was there,
and my father carried
that directly from him,
and I try to do the
same, of giving people
a progressive view of the
future that they have now
that is a attainable now.
>> REGINA: What's
that look like?
What's it look like?
What are we capable of?
>> STECKLING: We now--
in fact, I will add that
in my presentation.
There's a book called
"Colonies in Space."
It was produced in 1977,
dedicated to President Kennedy.
And if you look in there,
you will find drawings
based upon our
scientific abilities
of to travel in
space at that moment.
We had the ability
technologically
to build crafts that were
very much like Biosphere 2
out here in Arizona,
complete environments inside
in which we were able to
travel the distances of space
or between the planets in a
semi-Earth-like environment,
not in a little metal tin
can wrapped up and worried
about solar winds and radiation
and bombardments of meteorites.
And so we had that
technology then,
and we are being denied it.
Because this will allow us
to make sociological changes
that are not congruent with
the status quo as it is today.
The politics--
>> REGINA: With the propagation
of that dystopian future
you're talking about.
>> STECKLING: I don't look at
it as dystopian so much as what
you're capable of having.
>> REGINA: No, I'm saying what
is being propagated via media
and so forth, which is
this very dark outcome.
>> STECKLING: It's a very dark
outcome that we're all too
willing to easily accept.
And by accepting it, we
are accepting the fact
that we are running the
world through the economics
of military industrialization,
of the use of aggression,
the use of inflamed hotspots,
this constant political
maneuvering of
opinion and agenda
and the manipulation of
medicine and food and, my god,
everything that--
>> REGINA: And above all--
>> STECKLING: --comes around it.
>> REGINA: --limitation.
>> STECKLING: And limitation,
so that there are those who have
and those who won't have.
>> REGINA: Right.
So we're all familiar with that.
All you have to do is turn
the news on, go to the movies,
read the paper.
Those are a reflection
of an agenda
to move us down
this chute that's
very destructive to
our psyche and soul.
>> STECKLING: And
it's very distinct.
>> REGINA: Very distinct.
>> STECKLING: And
it's very distinct.
And to give you an
example, the propagation
of this agenda started
in the late '50s,
became testbed in '61, and by
'65 had moved into full force.
>> REGINA: Yes.
So now what did they show him?
What is our actual
future going to look
like if we can embrace it?
Because obviously we
have a choice in this.
If we choose to put all our
energy behind the darkness,
well, we can put ourselves
down that chute if we like.
But let's talk about what
else is possible and probable
if we choose to put
ourselves there.
>> STECKLING: Well, they came
here to also make us aware that
with the invention of the atomic
power and atomic bombs that we
could go instantaneously in
a direction that we could not
reverse.
So that was very important.
And if you look at the articles
that came from microfiche,
I originally did
some investigations.
"LA Times," '57,
mysterious objects
seen over the first a-bomb test.
Bright objects seen
over a testing area.
And so the idea was that it
was very prevalent to make sure
that we didn't push the button
through our own stupidity.
And to my knowledge, they
have stepped in three times
to avert nuclear disaster.
>> REGINA: That's what
I understand, yes.
>> STECKLING: And so while I
often hear from people, well,
how come they don't walk
amongst us-- which they do--
and how come they don't go
over, fly over major cities?
I have articles over
every major city.
>> REGINA: This is one of the
most precious binders that
exists on the
planet, all of this--
>> STECKLING: Well, I
wouldn't go that far.
>> REGINA: Well, it is to me.
>> STECKLING: Let's say we
have a lot in civilian hands.
But I can assure you in official
hands it's far, far more.
>> REGINA: Oh, this
is interesting,
because this has to do with
branches of the military,
validation, letters to Adamski
and your father directly.
This is original too.
This is beautiful.
>> STECKLING: I kept it that way
because in this particular day
of so many claims, I find
that people are making a lot
of claims and not being called
on to be responsible for them.
>> REGINA: These are the
original letters, yes.
>> STECKLING: There you go.
There it is for you.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
>> STECKLING: So quickly,
our future is what we wish it
to be.
If we see an environment,
like for instance,
well, we all want
to go on holiday.
Let's say we picture Bora Bora.
We're laying on a beach, a
nice mai tai in the hand.
That can be our future
if we wish it to be.
We can make our future
anything we want.
And hopefully by
seeing and interacting
with those who have made their
future something that we can--
>> REGINA: More utopian, yes.
>> STECKLING: --look at and
say this is our possibilities,
then we know we can attain it.
But you'd be surprised how many
people who don't think that
the utopia, as we call it--
because that makes it all too
altruistic-- is not feasible,
that we cannot give up a system
for something better because
we're too scared to let go
of what we know,
even if it's rotten.
I would rather have a
rotten sandwich in my hand
to know that I have no sandwich
at all tomorrow or not to have
the faith that I am capable
of producing something
better tomorrow.
We have no faith.
It's a word, but we
don't really believe it.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
So they showed him this.
Let's talk about some specifics.
When they were talking about
the propulsion systems,
which are said to be very,
very simple, simple aspects
of repulsion, attraction,
and so forth--
>> STECKLING: Magnetism.
>> REGINA: Magnetism.
Just magnetism, so simple.
When did they say that
will be more common pla--
or did they say when
it's going to be--
>> STECKLING: It
was already then.
>> REGINA: Well, they had it.
But did they give
you any time frames
as to when it might be
released for the common good?
>> STECKLING: To
my understanding,
we have duplicated
magnetic propulsion,
or what we would call free
energy devices already
for the last 40, 50 years.
>> REGINA: They're there, yeah.
>> STECKLING: We have them--
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> STECKLING: --just like we
have carburetion systems from
the '30s that are
good for 100 miles.
So we have organizations and we
have forces here on this world
who, once again, as
we talked before,
have an established status quo.
And so we maintain
that status quo
because we are totally
enveloped in the consumption
and utilization of oil.
It permeates transportation,
plastics, medicine, everything.
And you do not switch
that overnight.
>> REGINA: So that's
not a fair question.
We had already done it by then.
It's that if you can't allow it
to come forward because we're
constricted by whatever these
other military and corporate
forces are, it's
kind of irrelevant
until-- how do we overcome that?
That's what I want to know.
>> STECKLING: We are restricted
also, each and every one of us.
We have to take
personal responsibility.
>> REGINA: True.
>> STECKLING: We
all have 401(k)s.
We have retirement that
we're looking forward to.
We have investments.
And so we have to say, OK, what
kind of a principled person
am I?
Am I going to put my
money in something
that has a high return that may
be the production of weapons
or the distribution of this?
Or am I going to put it in
solar power or wind power?
Or am I going to
invest it in people,
which there's a
much smaller return?
So the problem is is while
we hold everybody else
to high standards
in our minds, we
don't hold ourselves to
the same high standards.
Because the changes
begin with us.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
No, I agree with that.
And the average person
now doesn't have an IRA.
The average person would love
to see this kind of future
become our reality but feel
powerless in the face of-- you
know what I'm saying.
>> STECKLING: Well,
it's purposely done.
>> REGINA: Yes, of course.
>> STECKLING: Division has
been our greatest enemy.
The other day I was
asked a question.
And it says, well, how do
you feel about the one world
government?
Because we are used to using
this term in a negative aspect,
whether the Bushes were involved
with it or the Rockefellers
or what have you.
We believe that this
is going to take away
from our individualism.
But yet, if we look at
the reverse of that,
so much destructive time
is wasted in nationalism.
And whose face is
printed on the bill
of the denomination
of the dollar?
Personally, I don't care if
it's Washington, the Queen,
or a hemp plant as
long as it works
for what it needs to work for.
We place so much emphasis
on that which has no value.
And in reality, if we worked
towards a cohesive unit
of government and
administration to the people,
a one-world government is
our natural progression.
>> REGINA: Well now, about three
years ago I was interviewing
a woman named Sheila Gillette.
And she is a person who's done
channeling for the last 40
years and has a good reputation.
And I talked to the
THEO group about this.
I said, tell us
what our future is
going to look like in terms of
the structure of it and also
economically.
And that's exactly
what they said.
They said, you are
moving toward what
people call a
one-world government
and a one-world
currency ultimately.
But-- and they were
very clear to underline
this-- do understand,
by the time
this occurs, the
consciousness on the planet
will have elevated
itself to the point
where this is a
desirable things,
and you'll become
a planetary culture
with regional proclivities,
differences, foods.
All that exists.
Individuality still exists.
>> STECKLING: Greater
individuality.
>> REGINA: Greater
individuality,
but not this fighting and
jostling for resources
and power.
And I thought, that's true.
The term one-world government
has taking on an exclusively
negative--
>> STECKLING: That's true.
>> REGINA: --meaning.
>> STECKLING: Because we use
that to project that each
and every person will not have
the freedoms they think they
have.
In reality, you have very
few freedoms as it is.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STECKLING: And when
you think about it,
you really don't have freedom
from economic prejudice.
You don't have freedom from the
demands that are made upon you.
In reality, your life
is highly regulated.
And so you think
the only freedom
you do have is the freedom of
consumerism, which drives--
>> REGINA: Well--
>> STECKLING: --the
world economy.
>> REGINA: --there
is one other freedom.
And I remember years
ago I interviewed
a man named Rob
Williams, and he said
what we're coming down to
is there really is only one
freedom left, and that's
the freedom of the ability
to conceive and create,
the freedom of the mind.
That's the last frontier.
>> STECKLING: That's true.
>> REGINA: So I'd like to find
out what did they share with
Adamski about our ability to
create on the mental frontier?
>> STECKLING: They have taught
us that we are struggling with
ourselves in a twofold way.
We here on this world have
learned the exultation
of the mind, the
power of the mind.
And for the short-term, the
mind can get you results.
The trouble is
they're not lasting.
I liken this to an example of
putting a coin in your hand
and squeezing it as hard as
you can for as long as you can.
Eventually, you cannot
exert that pressure forever,
and you're going have
to relax your grip.
And so you're wasting
so much energy
to hold onto something
that you can already
have the power of
through consciousness
or your other part of your
intellectual and intelligence.
And so while the power of
the mind will bend a fork,
the power of consciousness will
levitate it across the room.
So you have the two
halves of ourselves.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STECKLING: And that's where
you have the trinity, body,
mind, and consciousness,
the father, the mother,
and the eternal spirit.
And so this struggle
for self and ego verses
universality happens with each
one of us every single day.
They have learned to
discipline themselves
to realize that by giving
in, as we would call it,
or being the peacemaker
or being flexible,
you can attain far more things
than constantly demanding
your own way, demanding
your own opinion,
demanding your
own justification.
And so this struggle between
mind and consciousness
is the duality that
they come to show us.
And they come to show us that if
you live in a mind environment,
you have a me society.
And I think you can
safely say that's what
we're living here today--
>> REGINA: Rather than in--
>> STECKLING: --a me society--
>> REGINA: --in the
broader consciousness, yes.
>> STECKLING: --which is a
broader consciousness of an us
society, which doesn't mean that
you are any less the individual
you.
You have greater individuality.
The only difference
is, like a family unit,
you're willing to encompass
and make accommodations.
Because you say, well,
this is my son or daughter.
This is my family.
This is my blood.
So I can be a bigger person.
Well, that stretches
into our community.
That stretches into our nation.
And eventually,
hopefully it stretches
into our concept of humanity.
>> REGINA: And it's interesting.
You were talking
about the need for us
to be not only
thinking in the larger
concept of us but
this flexibility.
And that just flashed
back into my mind
I was interviewing Dr. Rocco
Errico, an Aramaic scholar.
And he was saying that
the passage in the Bible
called "and the meek shall
inherit the Earth," he said,
do you know what that means?
Because everyone thinks
it means cowards.
>> STECKLING: No.
>> REGINA: He said, that means
the flexible shall inherit
the Earth, those who can bend
with what's needed and adapt.
>> STECKLING: That's
exactly what that means.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STECKLING: It means that
by being the representation
of something greater, this
is what your heritage can be
and that the rest of us will
tear ourselves to pieces
in the process and that those
who choose to disconnect from
that will be
inheriting the Earth,
because they're the only ones
left, if we allow that to be.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STECKLING: There's such a
great dichotomy in translation.
I remember reading--
and I've already
known this, having to do
with historical record.
And George wrote extensively
about biblical history.
>> REGINA: Yes, I saw that.
>> STECKLING: I have-- well,
some of it's in the archives,
no one's seen.
But anyway--
>> REGINA: Tell us the
juiciest stuff, by the way.
>> STECKLING: Yeah,
everybody wants the scoop.
>> REGINA: Let's go there,
since you brought it up.
I was going to ask the
scoop on the nature of some
of the more well-known prophetic
figures throughout history
and what they may have told him
about these beings, who they
were, what they came for
at that particular time.
Were they humans that were in
contact with others imbued?
Or were they actually,
perhaps, some of these beings
that walk among us?
I know it's a big,
fat, long question.
>> STECKLING: Well, I
think, first of all,
universal principle, regardless
of where it comes from,
is what is most pertinent.
If it comes from a
scholar of this world
or from those who come to visit
us from others, if it comes
from the so-called sages
and teachers of the past,
it is what they said
that made the most
importance and the
principles they
lived which were most dire.
I had to laugh the other day.
I watched a black comedian
who said, you know,
have you ever noticed that
everybody's arguing about what
so-and-so said and
so-and-so said.
He says, but have
they got the message?
Nobody's gotten the message.
Nobody applies the message.
>> REGINA: Nope.
>> STECKLING: And so it has been
said in biblical records to be
aware that you have
entertained sometimes angels.
Because we have
to put everything
in the context of that time.
Anything that came from
the sky was angelic.
You had nothing
else to relate to.
You had nothing else
to compare it to,
because we did not live in
a technology at that time
where you could say,
well, that's an airplane
or that's a balloon
or that's a blimp.
So that when things
came from the sky,
they had to compare
it to what they
had, the wheel with the wheel,
the flying shield, the flying
scroll, the--
>> REGINA: Chariots of fire.
>> STECKLING: --chariot of fire.
Those people who came
amongst us and so-called
were giants in understanding--
and now the other day,
I had to listen to somebody
make this, well, they
must have been 10 feet tall.
And I felt like saying, idiots.
We have giants of industry,
and they're not 10 feet tall.
So consequently, we
misinterpret everything.
We cut it down,
we it analyze it.
We put it frontward,
backwards, and we come up
with meanings that
had absolutely nothing
to do with what
was going on there.
So consequently, when
we look at Buddha
and you look at Confucius
and you look at Jesus
and you look, to some
degrees, at Muhammad
and what these
people had to say,
they all taught some
basic principles.
One, that life is precious,
that we should honor our father
and mother, which doesn't
mean our biological father
and mother.
It means our father,
who is our creator,
and our mother, who is
the natural principles
and the planet
upon which we live.
They have taught us not to kill.
Oh, I've seen so many
arguments about this.
One woman, she
argued about the fact
that, well, he didn't say
thou shall not kill or thou
shall not murder.
I said, you have the Old
Testament, commandment number
six.
Bottom line is is that
it says you're not
supposed to take
someone else's life.
And no matter how you cut
it and try to justify it,
you can't do that.
>> REGINA: Yet each religion
kills in the name of--
>> STECKLING: Oh, yes.
>> REGINA: --its own religion.
So I guess the real
question I'm asking here
is you talked about humans,
beings that are humans that
walk among us, humanoids
that walk among us,
beings from other places with
other levels of understanding
and knowledge.
So the characters that we've
just spoken about historically,
Jesus, Confucius,
Buddha, Muhammad,
and so forth, are
any of those beings
said to be some of
these humanoids, humans
who walk among us
from other places?
>> STECKLING: Well, some of
them have made that claim
themselves.
Jesus made the statement.
He says, I am in your
world but not of it.
>> REGINA: Well, there you go.
>> STECKLING: And so of
course religion has its own
interpretation of that.
But the idea here is
that understanding
is a progressive state of the
development of an individual.
And so Christhood is a
level of understanding,
a level of an attainment.
And that is a level that
we are all capable of.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STECKLING: If you
remember, he made a statement,
there are those of you who will
do greater things than I have
done.
Well, if we believe the
religious interpretations who
say he was God, how do you
do greater things than God?
So clearly that's not the true
explanation of that statement.
And secondly, it's a
realization that each person
has the ability to
progress and to understand
their own natural
continuation and progress
in the ever-moving
stream of life.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STECKLING: And so whether
they have come from other
places or not, this is something
that will be debated for a long
time.
I will say at least this much.
This is as much as I'm willing
to say, is that most of them,
at one time or
another, had contact.
>> REGINA: Yes.
OK.
Thank you.
And I know you're talking
about Adamski's archives
that we don't all
necessarily have access to.
So I get that there are levels
of information out of there,
and I appreciate
your sharing that.
>> STECKLING: Well, it's not
because there's any great
mystery or any great
need to withhold.
I think we have to
understand something.
As you go through the level
of accumulating knowledge,
you cannot have it all
dropped on you at one time.
The mind wants to say give
me everything you've got.
Because we want to accumulate.
We want to have it
in our possession.
We want to do what have you.
But in reality, we
have to be walked
through aspects of understand.
>> REGINA: I agree.
But I think that process
is definitely speeding up.
And with the younger
generation being born,
it's going to move much
more quickly, for those that
can unplug from the way the
perceived notion of who we are
and where we're headed via
the media is taking us.
As long as people
are individualistic
in their thinking,
that's my own opinion.
But I want to go into the church
part of it a little bit more.
Because Adamski met with the
pope, and very few people
know this.
>> STECKLING: Well, the golden
Medal of Honor has been--
>> REGINA: Do you
have it on you?
>> STECKLING: Yes, I do.
You have a picture of it.
>> REGINA: I have
a picture of it.
Can you take--
>> STECKLING: Oh, yeah.
>> REGINA: I want
to see it again.
>> STECKLING: OK.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
We photographed
it also in my hand
just for a still shot of it.
And tell us about this.
This is a big deal.
Pope John Paul XXIII--
and we can just
look at it here a little bit.
It has Adamski's name on it.
And John Paul
XXIII-- there you go.
Thank you-- gave that
to Adamski personally.
Why?
>> STECKLING: George was
entrusted with a sealed message
for the pope and
the Catholic church,
which he delivered to Pope John
XXIII about two weeks prior
to the pope's death.
George went to
Rome by invitation.
He took two witnesses with him.
One was by the name of May
Morlet, May Morlet-Flitcroft,
who now lives in Australia.
She's one of the very
few surviving coworkers,
along with my mother,
from the original cadre.
And the other one was a lady
by the name of Louzette Stag.
And so George went to Rome,
and a very young representative
the Church came and took
George to the Vatican
through the side entrance
into the papal residence.
And the message was delivered.
George described the pope as
far as his medical condition,
and so on and so forth.
Then he was taken
back to his hotel,
and he was given the
gold medal from the pope
as an appreciation and
acknowledgement for the service
that he had conducted.
And so George, he
was not a person
who ran around and
flaunted things.
He didn't need to.
He carried it in his pocket.
In fact, Desmond
Leslie, Lord Leslie,
who was one of his
co-authors would
remark and say, well, George,
what are you doing today?
He says, oh, well,
I'm going fishing,
and I got the medal in my
pocket in case anybody's
interested in seeing it.
He was not overly,
shall we say, taken
with himself because of it.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STECKLING: And
so the message--
if the question's
going to be asked,
what did the message contain?
>> REGINA: That's right, yes.
>> STECKLING: Yes, I'm aware
of what the message contained.
But I will leave that to
the discretion of the Church
to decide if and at what time
they are willing to share that
with the rest of the public.
>> REGINA: OK.
And we know that they're
deep into the study
of intelligent life
beyond the Earth,
outer space and so forth.
>> STECKLING: Well, it goes
to the very foundations
of their beginning.
We mentioned that the
sages of old had--
>> REGINA: Oh, yes.
Contact, yes.
>> STECKLING: --contact
and interaction.
In reality, that is
also contributing
to the foundation of
the Church itself.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STECKLING: How it's been
represented or misrepresented
since that time, well, we're
dealing with the fallibility
of human beings.
>> REGINA: Yes.
And that was a very
high level for him
to connect with in
the world of religion.
But he also had very easy
access to the Pentagon.
He was buried at Arlington.
>> STECKLING: Well, that's
no significance to that.
That's a misnomer.
>> REGINA: Is it?
>> STECKLING: First of all,
he want to see Queen Juliana
in the Netherlands.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> STECKLING: And there
were discussions there.
The press itself was very
angry because he would not
discuss personably exactly
what the queen said.
And so he deferred
and said that it's
the right of the royal family
to discuss at which time
they wished to.
So they became very
critical of him
because he didn't just blab
like everybody else would.
He was scheduled to see the
royal family in England.
But due to the negative
press in the Netherlands,
the royal family officially
withdrew but not unofficially.
So when George
was in, English he
was sponsored by
Lord Dowding, who
was the Lord Air Marshal
of all the Air Force,
during his lectures there.
And that's when he debated
with Patrick Moore.
And so he had very high level
sponsors and very high level
access.
And I know the royal
family in England
have been interested, because
I, myself, my father's book
after his lecture in
the House of Lords
was given to Prince Philip, and
we received the acknowledgement
for that gift.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
>> STECKLING: And so there's
some talk, as we did with Tim,
that had to do
with-- Timothy Good--
that when Lord Mountbatten,
his uncle in the Irish estate,
of one of the saucers
touching down.
That was an actual
event, and that's
been known for probably 30
years at least at this point.
So some things get rehashed
as new, where, in fact, they
have been circulating
for quite a while.
But going back to
George and the Pentagon,
there's been some speculation
that because he had access
sometimes, limited access,
that he was working for them.
And nothing could
be further from--
>> REGINA: Oh, no.
I wasn't-- actually--
>> STECKLING: No, no.
I understand that.
But I want to--
>> REGINA: --I hope you know
that that's not what I was
suggesting.
>> STECKLING: He was not working
for them in any shape or form.
And so what he did is he made
his material easily available.
When he took the
pictures, he invited
them to come up to Mount
Palomar because the Hale
Observatory was up there.
And they were going
back and forth,
and he was friends with
a lot of the astronomers.
>> REGINA: And he has an
amazing array of photos.
>> STECKLING: And he has an
amazing array of photos taken
with telescopic conditions.
It cannot be faked.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> STECKLING: They have been
analyzed and proven that.
And so he gave them freely
to the government and said,
you boys are in charge of
the people on this planet
or in this country.
You need to know
what's going on.
>> REGINA: Well, right here,
Department of Air Force.
There's one letter here
from George Freeman,
Lieutenant Colonel
in the US Air Force.
>> STECKLING: Yeah.
If you go in and look at any
UFO history in the late 1950s,
Colonel Freeman was
one of the major--
>> REGINA: And he's
saying we, the Air Force,
are interested in your footage
and exploring this further with
you.
>> STECKLING: Yeah.
We went there in '67
and showed the films
and interacted with them.
>> REGINA: OK.
So we get that they were
interested, for good reason.
There was something
about him that
had a degree of
credibility, to say nothing
of an incredible array of
physical photographs and film
that are not to be denied.
So the military has known about
this, obviously, all along.
>> STECKLING: Oh, yes.
>> REGINA: We know that
from before Roswell on.
OK.
Now we're going to get into
the world of a little more fact
or fiction.
>> STECKLING: Mm hmm.
>> REGINA: OK.
So there's a story,
and this story
was by Desmond Leslie told
Lieutenant Phillip Corso--
>> STECKLING: Yeah.
>> REGINA: --that Adamski didn't
have a normal belly button,
and he was somehow physically
different from other humans,
that often ETs don't
have belly buttons.
So now what do you and your
father have to say about that?
Did you ever see
his belly button?
>> STECKLING: First of all, the
reason that I'm reluctant with
this story is because it is
these type of things that are
easily magnified out of context
and easily misinterpreted
and misunderstood.
George had a symbol.
That symbol existed
while he was alive.
When he passed away,
so did the symbol.
And this was witnessed on his
body after his heart attack
and before his cremation in '65.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
>> STECKLING: And so basically,
to make a long story short,
when you are the
living representation
of the principles and
the example of that,
then you can carry
some of those markings.
And the reason I
don't like to say
this is because over the
years and having been involved
with this subject for half
a century, most of my life,
I have gone and
been at conferences
and I have seen people who
run around with bleeding hands
and things like that
that say that they
are receiving the
wounds of Jesus.
Well, if anybody truly knows
and remembers our history,
he was not nailed
through the hands.
You're nailed
through the wrists.
Crucifixion was through the
wrists and through the bones
here in the ankle, a
very nasty business.
And so while these
people have run around
to mime certain things in
order to get notoriety,
they weren't even
historically correct
in what they were miming.
So what I'm saying--
>> REGINA: What was the symbol?
>> STECKLING: --is
that the symbol,
in the past I have told
people that it's irrelevant.
And in reality, it is.
Because for those
who don't understand,
they will blow this
out of context.
And so it's not really
an indicator of who
and what he was.
>> REGINA: Still, it
had to be brought up,
because the stories
are out there.
>> STECKLING: True.
>> REGINA: OK.
We only have a
couple minutes left.
We've covered a great
amount of topics in depth.
Is there anything
else you wanted
to add to this that we--
there's so much more.
There are volumes.
>> STECKLING: Oh, yeah.
There's volumes.
We could do hours of tapes,
and we have in the past.
>> REGINA: I know.
But for this,
anything else you'd
like to add as a
final statement?
>> STECKLING: This
subject is like an onion,
and there's multiple layers
to its level of representation
and its level of understanding.
On the peripheral,
we have things
like the conventions
that we go to
and the public relation events,
occasionally such things
like the disclosure hearings,
which, to a certain degree,
I was severely
disappointed on what
was talked about and the
rehashing of old agendas.
>> REGINA: You talking
about 2001 or '13?
>> STECKLING: This
one just recently.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> STECKLING: And so this is
the outer layers of the onion.
And as you progress
into inner ones,
you can progress
to the point where
you can talk to the next
level of understanding.
So you'll have
some officials that
are public about
their disclosures,
such as Gordon Cooper, Edgar
Mitchell, Maurice Chatelain.
You have these people who
came forward and willing
to talk to a certain degree.
Then you go to a
deeper level where
you have some scientific
communities that
are working and
trying to educate us
in a way that will develop the
understanding the same way.
It doesn't have
to be necessarily
through the subject of UFOs.
And then you continue
to go deeper and deeper.
And I can only say that our
family has been extremely
fortunate because
we came from a time
and interaction and
contacts with George
that were directly related.
So we were able to visibly
see some of the ships
with him, interact
with some of the people
that were his
contacts, and we were
able to carry that forth
for many years thereafter.
And that has nothing
to do with me.
That has to do with
their desire to have
a conduit of
information available,
which my father made himself
easily available towards.
And so when my parents
and Mrs. Rotifer
went to NASA in '67
before 22 scientists,
it's important for people
to realize that, one, they
knew how the ships worked,
where they come from,
who pilots them.
This was no secret to them.
They were interested
in the use of telepathy
and how it can be used
communication-wise.
They used it as a backup
for the Apollo program
with the astronauts.
And they were interested in how
many space people, human space
people from other planets
in our solar system,
were actively visiting us.
And they were given a
number, in which they also
had the same number, so they
were satisfied that they
were getting
accurate information.
>> REGINA: Ballpark figures?
>> STECKLING: Unimportant.
>> REGINA: [LAUGHS] OK.
>> STECKLING: And this
interaction shows that
officially there is much more
recognition that cuts away
the layers of all this outside
nonsense that is so easily used
as lures to pull us in and
that there is true information
available.
The other day in the
conventional hall,
I heard this statement,
and I walked around--
because this is how I
compose my lectures, by going
around and listening to what the
trends going on-- and I hear,
well, everything
is hidden from you.
There's no truth.
It's conspiracy
this, mysticism this.
And all of that's not true.
The truth is available for you.
In fact, it's not out there.
It's in front of your face.
Two, nothing is held
from you if you really
are looking to find it.
Knock and the door
shall be opened.
But you've got to know
what you're looking for.
>> REGINA: Let me ask
you at this point,
because we're about out of
time, what would you recommend
as the best of Adamski's work
for people to connect with?
>> STECKLING: Well, what
we do is we made the first
publication, "Flying
Saucers Have Landed,"
which has the contact in it,
and we combined it with "Inside
the Spaceships"
into one edition.
I think this gives people a
general introduction of George
and, as you talked
about, his interactions
in the ships with the people.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> STECKLING: He
describes the people.
He describes a meeting with
some of the teachers there
and some of the lessons
that were given by.
I think that is very good
information for people.
>> REGINA: Website.
>> STECKLING:
Adamskifoundation.com.
>> REGINA: Yes, OK.
>> STECKLING: And all that
material is available there.
>> REGINA: Well, you've
just opened the door.
We've barely scratched
any surface at all here.
But what we have done
I very much appreciate.
It's been lovely, and
it has good depth to it.
>> STECKLING:
You're very welcome.
>> REGINA: That's what I like.
Thank you so much.
>> STECKLING: Well, I'd be more
than happy to give you any more
information you need.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> STECKLING: Selectively.
All right.
Thank you so much.
>> STECKLING:
You're very welcome.